Add dependency install guide to readme (#6)
DmitryHudrich/aska-daemon: README.md

</details>

### 🛠️ Build

## Unix

### Install dependencies:
  * For all distros use [rustup](https://rustup.rs) for installing rust:
      ```sh
      curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh

>       ```

Reviewer: Use only link to install rust and mention that it is recommended way instead of using package manager.

Author: ```suggestion
  * For all distros use [rustup](https://rustup.rs) as recommended way to use cargo package manager.
```
this?

Reviewer: LGTM, use it

  * Debian-based
      ```sh
      sudo apt update
      sudo apt install -y luajit pkg-config libssl-dev
      ```
      
  * Fedora 
      ```sh
      sudo dnf install -y luajit pkgconf-pkg-config openssl-devel
      ```
  * Arch-based
      ```sh
      sudo pacman -Syu
      sudo pacman -S --noconfirm luajit pkgconf openssl
      ```
  * macOS:
      ```sh
      brew update
      brew install luajit pkg-config openssl

>       ```

Reviewer: I think, you can use a list of dependencies instead of manual installation for each OS. The users should install by himself instead of copy-paste commands into shell.

Author: it sounds more complicated than a list of predefined commands. additionally, sites with these dependencies look poorly organized, and I think it would be better if the user could simply use commands to install these dependencies. besides, this is not the user's responsibility.

Reviewer: Alright, I take your arguments.

### Build
```sh

> cargo run

Reviewer: Here you can use `cargo install` with git link:
```suggestion
cargo install --git https://github.com/asya4u/asya-daemon
```
